# Tech-Test-Number-Sort-
This is a small application that will ask the user for input. The application will then upload that users input into a SQL database. there is also the option to export that data into a JSON file. My thought process behind this was to make it simple and to not include anything extra as it wsa most important for me to implement the fundamentals. With that in mind, i was solely focused on only what had been asked of me. 

As i was working through this project i had hit many roadblocks as i am stil pretty new. But this didnt stop me from completing the task. I broke my project up into smaller tasks in order to help me. for example: when the first checkbox was to allow the user to enter a variable amount of numbers and then sort them from ASC or DESC. I first started with allowing the user to input numbers, i then moved on to add a drop down list for the user to choose from if they wanted to sort this list from ASC or DESC. As simple as this may be, this shows that instead of trying to take the problem on as whole. I broke it down into smaller tasks so that it was easier to accomplish. 

I would like to mention that while i was working through this project i did have some trouble and had to make frequent google searches and tutorials in order for me to finish this. Unfortunately i do no have the experience YET for me to simple do this whole project on my own and without help. I am still working hard to improve my knowledge and experience. For example: after completing this program i have started a udemy course on ASP.NET MVC and will be creating an E-commerce website. 

P.S Thank you for taking the time to review my work.
